if you're following a nutrition program
that is designed to trigger the
physiological effect of ketogenesis in
the body you've probably used butter or
MCT oil mixed it all together maybe some
electrolytes also whether you travel or
you just prepare that kind of thing at
your kitchen counter those are a lot of
different ingredients as some of them
can be kind of a mess we developed
Imperium which has MCT oil in a small
enough volume that it won't knock you
out of a toffee and out of a fasted
state so that's really important while
at the same time providing 200
milligrams of caffeine so that you get
the appetite suppression with the
caffeine and the MCT which also slows
down the absorption of the caffeine and
then at the same time we added some
electrolytes without a salty taste and
then sweetened with stevia which doesn't
create an insulin response so a lot of
different bases were covered so that we
have a great supplement that supports
fasted periods that supports the
ketogenic process the function of the
human body keeps your appetite
suppressed so that you can be in the
fasted state longer and stay high energy